Semantic and grammar improvements (#640)
rsksmart/devportal: guides/armadillo/merged-mining.md

Every time miners find a solution to a share, it is submitted to the mining pool and there it is compared to both RSK and Bitcoin networks’ difficulties,
delivering three possible outcomes:

- The solution satisfies Bitcoin [network difficulty](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Difficulty).
Hence, a block is assembled and sent to the Bitcoin network.
As the RSK’s merged mining reference had been previously included in the Bitcoin block, it will be seen in the Bitcoin blockchain, but it is ignored by the Bitcoin network.
Since RSK’s network difficulty is lower than Bitcoin,
this solution will also work for RSK and can be submitted to the RSK network for the referenced RSK block.

![merged-mining](/assets/img/guides/armadillo/merged-mining.png)

- The Solution does not satisfy Bitcoin network difficulty,
but satisfies RSK’s network difficulty.

> Consequently, the solution will be submitted to the RSK network along the RSK block referenced,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consequently, the solution will be submitted to the RSK network along with the referenced RSK block,
```

but not to the Bitcoin network.

> - The solution only satisfies the pool share difficulty,
> and it is not submitted to any network, but only used for accounting of miners' work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The solution only satisfies the pool share difficulty,
and it is not submitted to any network. It is only used for accounting of miners' work.
```

The reference to RSK’s block is called [RSKtag](/guides/armadillo/glossary/#rsktag/),

> which currently contains, among other data, a 20 bytes hash of the RSK block. When a Bitcoin proof of work solution is submitted to the RSK node by the mining pool, the node builds an [SPV proof](/guides/armadillo/glossary/#spv-proof) from the Bitcoin block to the RSKtag, and then submits everything to the RSK network. This proof allow other RSK nodes to verify the proof of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which currently contains, among other data, a 20 byte hash of the RSK block.
When a Bitcoin proof of work solution is submitted to the RSK node by the mining pool,
the node builds an [SPV proof](/guides/armadillo/glossary/#spv-proof) 
from the Bitcoin block to the RSKtag, and then submits everything to the RSK network.
This proof allows other RSK nodes to verify the proof of work.
```

> Prior to Wasabi, RSKtag was the 32 bytes hash of the RSK block, but
> this hash along was not providing sufficient information to Armadillo to detect forks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Wasabi, RSKtag was the 32 byte hash of the RSK block,
but this hash along did not provide sufficient information to Armadillo for fork detection.
```

3. **NU**: Number of Uncles
4. **NB**: RSK block number

Armadillo was created to take advantage of this new tag format.

### Prefix Hash

Is a 20-bytes prefix for the RSK block hash.
20 bytes is more than enough to identify the RSK block in terms of defense against hash collision. Also, since the RSK block number is part of the tag, collisions can only be used to create siblings at the same height. Since RSK shares the block reward evenly between all miners of sibling blocks, mining more siblings does not generally provide any additional income.

![prefix-hash](/assets/img/guides/armadillo/prefix-hash.png)

### Commit to Parent Vector (CPV)

Is a 7 bytes field where each byte represents the link to a block in the RSK mainchain in the last 448 blocks from the block to consider.
Each byte consists of the least significant byte of the Bitcoin Block ID field of the 7 RSK blocks positioned at specific checkpoint positions and
spaced 64 blocks between them.

![Commit-to-parent-vector](/assets/img/guides/armadillo/boxes-bytes-cpv.jpg)

> Hence, ranges of consencutive 64 blocks will have the same CPV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hence, ranges of consecutive 64 blocks will have the same CPV.
```

Reviewer: Note also that these removes the statement "This creates a sequence of checkpoints to past blocks." ... was this intentional?

The data representation of the Commit to Parent Vector (CPV).
The CPV helps to understand if the RSKtag found in every subsequent BTC block follows the mainchain path or not.
If there is a mismatch in the CPV bytes it means there is an ongoing fork which could end in a double-spend attack.

Hence, ranges of 64 blocks will have the same CPV.

> The CPV helps to determind if the RSKtag found in every subsequent Bitcoin block follows the mainchain fork or not.
> If there is a mismatch in the CPV bytes for blocks in the same 64 block range, it means there is an ongoing fork which could end in a double-spend attack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CPV helps to determine whether the RSKtag found in every subsequent Bitcoin block follows the mainchain fork.
If there is a mismatch in the CPV bytes for blocks in the same 64 block range, it means there is an ongoing fork, which could end in a double-spend attack.
```

Let’s go over an example:

> Supposing we have to calculate the CPV field for a RSK block at height 5000 (BN = 5000).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose we have to calculate the CPV field for a RSK block at height 5000 (BN = 5000).
```

![prefix-hash](/assets/img/guides/armadillo/prefix-hash.png)

### Commit to Parent Vector (CPV)

Is a 7 bytes field where each byte represents the link to a block in the RSK mainchain in the last 448 blocks from the block to consider.
Each byte consists of the least significant byte of the Bitcoin Block ID field of the 7 RSK blocks positioned at specific checkpoint positions and
spaced 64 blocks between them.

![Commit-to-parent-vector](/assets/img/guides/armadillo/boxes-bytes-cpv.jpg)

Hence, ranges of consecutive 64 blocks will have the same CPV.
The data representation of the Commit to Parent Vector (CPV).
The CPV helps to understand if the RSKtag found in every subsequent BTC block follows the mainchain path or not.
If there is a mismatch in the CPV bytes it means there is an ongoing fork which could end in a double-spend attack.

> Hence, ranges of 64 blocks will have the same CPV.

Reviewer 2: duplicated lines 87 and 92

## Block Number

Block number is the height of the RSK block being merge mined.

> With this information users can detect if a mining pool is merged mining the best block correctly,
> or if it is delayed, or it is mining on its own fork due to a consensus split.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this information, users can detect if a mining pool is merge mining the best block correctly,
if it is delayed, or it is mining on its own fork due to a consensus split.
```
